or my galley is presented by red lobster
for the seafood lover in you well guys
we got tuna right once again well this
time yes it is a little bit different
when I was in Seattle melissa i went to
the pike market and they had amazing
quality spices little spice store that I
went and one of the spices my favorite
sell friend they came from Spain
carlitos take us from the bottom of the
plate to the top there's so many
different flavors going on in here you
know it really is a lot of different
flavors but it was so simple I make my
garlic mashed potatoes and set them in
the center I cut out my fish that I
already seared I settle up on top
drizzle the sauce right on the side and
how did you make a sauce what's in that
on the sauce I get took my onions and I
put them with some butter chopped up the
onions finely let them see me or maybe
20 minutes put it in the blender add
this output to the blender a little salt
a little dashie there it is little
cilantro in the center for decoration
I'd love to have a little eating my food
lights a little Serrano said it slices
surrounded right on top wallet and we
have it so there was a lot of work that
went into this plate of food right here
from your standpoint in the galley and
getting the boat ready and catching the
fish and everything else yeah the
quality the tuna you know because you
can't cook it all the way yash's took
two fresh too perfect I'll tell you this
whole career thing I love curry and
you've got this super mild mellow curry
in here just underline was fantastic
that's the thing about Curtis burns the
bum to everybody makes it for its
overpowering yeah and then you take it
home with you
you'll fill it all day long you go nice
and light the little cream which is
perfect you can taste it and you don't
have to carry with you all day long and
a nice bottle of Veuve I figure out a
little baubles for the celebration good
celebration of the big fat tuna and
argue with that man you know here's the
Jimmy and Brett for all the hard work
that made it happen when we got on the
spot and the fatty elephant Carlo so
jolly I lose